# Character|Actor|Color
Mike|Dark|#800080
Rick|Deluxe|#89CFF0
Fredbear|Sleepy|Gold
Kaden|MJ|#8B4513
Puppet|CJ|Gray
Foxy|Dragon|Red
Neighbor|-|Black

Fredbears And Friends: Exploring Adjustments
(Minecraft FNAF Roleplay)

Everyone/some-black
… = short pause

Scene 1

(Mike sitting in the office)

Mike: Geez who knew moving across states would have so much paperwork…

Foxy: (foxy yells)ARRG CAP’N ‘ELP ME ROOM! WHERE BE I!

Mike: WHAT THE HELL?

(Mike runs to pirates cove)

Mike: What the hell's going on!

Fredbear: I don’t know, Mr manager foxy just woke up and started yelling…

Mike: Foxy, why are you screaming?... and why do you sound different?

Fredbear: Oh Jacob replaced my voice box. The last one got damaged…

Mike: Oh.

Foxy: Cap'n? me room, it's been stolen an' replaced!

Mike: Foxy what?

Kaden: (kaden walks in)Why is Foxy screaming?

Fredbear: He thinks his room was stolen.

Mike: Foxy! Your room wasn’t stolen, we moved remember?

Foxy: Why?

Kaden: Uhh maybe because our last location got demolished?

Foxy: When did that there 'appen?

Mike: Foxy? Did you smack your head when you were in the truck?

Foxy: Aye?

Fredbear: You should have Jacob and helpi look at him.

Mike: Yeah definitely.

(Puppet walks in)

Puppet: Hey Mike?

Mike: Oh hey puppet what's up?

Puppet: A car just pulled up outside.

Mike: Oh that's probably Rick, also you're actually doing your job as security?

Puppet: I mean yeah? It’s kind of the reason I was built!

Mike: Oh yeah kinda forgot…

Mike: I'm gonna go meet Rick at the front you guys uh… deal with foxy.

Foxy: Yarg this here isn't me stage!

Puppet: We got it…

Kaden: Yeah and if I have to smack him around a little I will.

Fredbear: Kaden that might break him more…

Kaden: Ok? So?

Mike: Fredbear?

Fredbear: I got it Mr manager.

Mike: Alright thanks.

(Mike walks to the main entrance)

(Rick walks in)

Rick: Hey Mike.

Mike: Hey Rick.

Rick: What's up man, how's it been?

Mike: It's been an interesting morning.

Rick: Well if you want to get out of here for a bit I just bought a small house and could use some help moving my stuff plus gives you the chance to explore the city.

Mike: Alright let me go tell the others.

Rick: Uhh wouldn’t you not want to tell them? Because then they're gonna wanna come.

Mike: …you know what you're right let's go.

(Mike and Rick leave the building)

Fades to black

Scene 2

Fades back

Rick: This is my place.

(Walks up to the door)

Mike: Alright what's there to do?

Rick: Uh just unpack some stuff.

Mike: Alright.

(Unlocks door)

Mike: Alright where do you want to start?

Rick: Well I—(gets cut off)

(Door knocks)

Mike: Wow you already made new friends?

Rick: No, I have no idea who that is?

(Goes to answer the door)

Kaden: Hello good sir my name is kad… Molly and I live next door. I'm here to ask if you have any coffee beans as I ran out.

Rick: Kaden I know it's you?

Kaden: No it's not my name is Molly, your neighbor!

Mike: KADEN WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?

Foxy: Yarg ye left us in a strangers 'ome!

Puppet: For the last time! That's our home!

Foxy: SINCE WHEN!

Fredbear: SINCE THE OLD ON… (sighs) there's no point…

Mike: Back to the matter at hand, what are you doing here?

Kaden: Well you left without saying anything so… we followed you.

Mike: Why!

Puppet: They wanted to look around…

Mike: Guys this is a new city. It's bigger than our last city there's more people around! What do you think they would say if they saw robots walking the street!

Foxy: Cap'n it's fine no one saw us!

Puppet: Just to be clear I told them not to come!

Rick: Then why are you here?

Puppet: I didn’t want to be alone.

Mike: …you know what that's fair.

Mike: Since you're here you can help us.

Foxy: Aye aye Cap'n crunch off we go to 'elp aye aye.

Mike: What did you just say Foxy?

Rick: Yeah I think he's broken…

Mike: Alright let's get this done…

Fades to black

Scene 3

Fades back

Mike: That's all of it.

Rick: Yeah I think I need to clear a room out though there's no room for my computer.

Mike: You didn’t think of that before moving in?

Rick: Look man this was all that I could afford.

Mike: Alright well I'm gonna take these guys back to the pizzeria.

Foxy: Aye me good eye it 'as jolly aye aye.

Mike: …

Puppet: Uh?

Mike: Rick?!?!

Rick: Yeah yeah I’ll meet you there!

Mike: Alright out let's go.

Kaden: Uhhh fineee!

(They walk out to see the neighbor)

Fredbear: Uhhhhh!

Mike: Halloween costumes…

Fredbear: It's…

Mike: Early Halloween… (whispers) Let's go.

Fades out

Scene 4

(Rick comes to Mike's office)
Rick: So I got helpi to fix Foxy.

Mike: What was the issue?

Rick: Massive dent in his head.

Mike: That makes sense.

Rick: Anything else? If not ima head home to sort some final stuff out.

Mike: Alright I'm heading home alright.

Rick: Alright.

(They walk out)

Mike: Bye guys!

Puppet: Bye Mike!

Mike: Do not burn the place down!

Kaden: No promises!

Rick: They're gonna burn the place down.

Mike: I know…

Fades to black

End of episode
